# GuideRobotDog
Our goal is to make Guide Robot Dog for people who are invisible when walking down the street.

## Abstract
The current system of training guide dogs has many inconveniences. First of all, it is time-consuming and expensive to select, train, and raise guide dogs for the blind. After about a year of puppy walking, only 20-30% of the candidate dogs are finally selected as guide dogs after a comprehensive evaluation for one month. It costs about 1 to 2 billion won to raise a guide dog, including training and breeding costs. If a guide dog is injured, not only does the cost of treatment increase, but the owner's life becomes difficult during the treatment. However, robots can be repaired immediately, and the repair period is shorter than the treatment period of a service dog. Also, service dogs have a lifespan and a retirement age. A guide dog usually works for about eight years before going back to being a regular dog. After all, a service dog that can live for seven to eight years costs $100-200 million per dog, which explains the economics of this work.

## Introduction
The fundamental goal of robotics is to create mechanical devices that help humans in their lives. From this point of view, we believe that the discomfort caused by the physical and mental conditions of people with disabilities can be made more comfortable by sharing their lives with a robot. Therefore, we looked for situations where people with disabilities would be particularly uncomfortable, and based on this, we selected the robot our team would develop. For example, blind people often have highly trained guide dogs to reduce their discomfort. However, guide dogs are expensive, and there are many issues to consider, such as the need to get a new guide dog as the dog ages, and the dignity of the guide dog. These problems can be solved by having a robot perform the tasks that a guide dog can perform, at a lower cost and for longer. In order for a robot to take over the tasks performed by a guide dog, it is necessary to build a robot that is similar in size and appearance to a real guide dog so that it can perform the existing functions properly. Therefore, the shape of the robot should be a quadruped with four legs similar to that of a dog. Existing quadrupedal robots have been developed in a way that they are controlled by humans rather than moving autonomously. Since our robot needs to move autonomously outdoors and alert humans to dangers through immediate situational judgment, we will allow the robot to independently judge the dangers around it, and if it determines that it is in a dangerous situation, it will use a vibration or sound to alert the visually impaired. In addition, the robot will be equipped with a function that allows it to listen to human commands and act and respond accordingly by utilizing voice recognition technology, which is widely used in recent advances in technology. Although quadrupedal robots are only developed for military use or are not yet used in daily life due to technical problems, there is a great need for development in terms of exploring ways to use them in the future and building robots for practical use.

## Experiments
A guide dog can enter any place where people can enter with its owner, a blind person. According to "Article 40 (Support for training and supply of service dogs)" and "Article 90 (3) (Fines) of the Disabled Persons Welfare Act, a person cannot refuse to allow a service dog to enter unless there is a legitimate reason, and if he or she does so, he or she will be fined up to 3 million won". If you have a legitimate reason, such as an allergy to dog hair, you can refuse entry, but this is often not followed. Guide dogs are mainly Labrador retrievers and golden retrievers. However, some people are afraid of these large dogs, and some people simply don't like dogs, causing difficulties for owners and guide dogs. Currently, it costs about 1-2 million won to train a guide dog at the Samsung Fire Guide Dog School, and the dog works with the blind for about 8-10 years before retiring. Guide dogs are living beings like humans, so they cannot stay with blind people forever. To solve this problem, we want to create a robot guide dog that can work with the blind for a long time.  
1) Control: The opencr board is the core of the robot walking control. We will utilize the opencr board to control the 12 dynamixel xl430 motors. We will also mount a GT2 timing belt and pulley on the robot's thighs for precise control. Software-wise, we will use Arduino, Matlab's Simulink, and ROS2 to control the motors, programming them accordingly for the robot's quadrupedal locomotion. Power will be supplied to the board from a battery using 11.1V. 
2) Artificial Intelligence (AI): The goal is to utilize Jetson Nano to realize autonomous driving of the robot. The Jetson Nano acts as a mini-PC and can be equipped with artificial intelligence (AI) to help the robot move on its own. It will also utilize the Intel® RealSense™ Depth Camera D435, which can act as the robot's eyes, to capture and process images of its surroundings.

If you control a robot in the real world, you can't calculate a lot of variables and can't respond to them, so you simulate as many variables as possible in the computer simulation environment and then control it in the real world. control in the real environment. In addition, object detection, autonomous driving, hazard recognition, and communication with the user (harness communication) are necessary for a guide dog. By applying necessary object detection and autonomous driving, risk judgment, and communication with users (harness communication), it provides personalized AI services. personalized AI service. By applying SAC reinforcement learning to move in various terrains through the pybullet on a PC, the dog is trained to move in the humid, execute the learned data as a GuideRobotDog control program, recognize and use objects through a camera, and confirm the use of a 360-degree microphone. Identify objects through a camera, detect dangerous sounds and estimate direction using a 360-degree microphone, and deliver information to the user using Haness. programs a personalized artificial intelligence to perform tasks. 

# Conclusion
The current guide dog system has many inconveniences. First of all, it is time-consuming and expensive to select, train, and raise guide dogs for the blind. After about a year of puppy walking, only 20-30% of the candidate dogs are finally selected as guide dogs after a comprehensive evaluation for one month. It costs about 1 to 2 billion won to raise a guide dog, including training and breeding costs. If a guide dog is injured, not only does the cost of treatment increase, but the owner's life becomes difficult during the treatment. However, robots can be repaired immediately, and the repair period is shorter than the treatment period of a service dog. Also, service dogs have a lifespan and a retirement age. A service dog usually works for about eight years before going back to being a regular dog. After all, a service dog that can live for seven to eight years costs $100-200 million per animal, which explains the economics of this work. In addition to these material reasons, the dignity of the dog and the bond with the owner are also taken into account. Because service dogs are forced to suppress their canine nature and live only as service dogs, many of them are sick and unable to adapt to new environments by the time they retire from service, so they don't live long. In addition, it takes time for the owner and the dog to adapt to each other, and the process is not easy. However, in the case of a robot, the data it accumulates can keep track of the owner's personality over time, and this is valid even if the robot is inevitably replaced, as long as the data remains. Therefore, the owner can trust the new robot. Our work evolves from the role of a guide dog, which is to detect obstacles and alert the owner, and to protect the owner in dangerous situations, to a navigation system equipped with a map. While the existing method is that the owner knows the way to go in advance and leads the dog, the system we are developing is more convenient for users because it guides the owner to the most optimized route. Also, since the robot is charged by electricity, there is no need to worry about childcare costs, making it more practical than the existing method of using guide dogs. For these reasons, our product is more efficient and reasonable than the existing guide dog system, so it deserves to be utilized in the market.

# Autors
**Chanyeok Choi**  
**Taesoo Yeo**  
**Yeongchan Kim**  
**Neulpuleunhaneul Lee**  
**Seoyeon Ham**  


#### Updated by 2023.07.18